ways
so the uh the evidence is as follows
there is not
one single appropriately conducted
randomized
study on covet 19 that shows that
hydroxychloroquine
in combination or not in combination
with other medicine
works i'm going to repeat that there is
not
one single appropriately done
randomized study that shows
hydroxychloroquine
works it does not seem to work in the
early setting
it does not seem to work in the middle
setting it does not seem to work in the
late setting
of a covet infection so the use of this
drug
at present uh can only be considered
uh investigational and therefore
not recommended as routine practice uh
if there's a trial that shows that the
drug works
the entire medical community will be
eager to embrace it
um but right now there is no such study
that has been published or is in
existence
the quicker that we acknowledge that the
the quicker the field can move along um
i'm not against no one is against
studying uh this drug or i don't have
any bias i would like to have this drug
work
um i'm sure my patients would like to
have it work
all that we know right now is that
multiple studies have been launched
multiple
high quality studies have been launched
and in every case
we have not found any efficacy or any
proof of efficacy for this drug so
to uh for any president who is not a
medical professional
to uh decide that this drug works is
a is really doing a disservice i think
to the medical profession
the medical profession is not asked
to comment on how to run the presidency
the presidency should not decide how to
run the medical profession